docs: add node plugin docs (#20)
arthurfiorette/medicus: docs/integrations/node.md

# Node

The `nodeMedicusPlugin` is a plugin that adds a health check for the Node process, with optional system diagnostics. It provides detailed system information, such as CPU usage, memory stats, load averages, and uptime when the `debug` flag is enabled (which is set to `true` by default).

To integrate the `nodeMedicusPlugin` into your Medicus setup, simply import and register it with your Medicus instance:

```ts
import { Medicus } from 'medicus';
import { nodeMedicusPlugin } from 'medicus/node';

const medicus = new Medicus({
  plugins: [nodeMedicusPlugin()]
});
```

> > Note: The default name for the checker is `node`. You can change this by passing a checkerName option to the nodeMedicusPlugin function.

Reviewer: mude isso para fora de um note e fale das duas opcoes q o plugin aceita

## Output

When the `debug` flag is enabled, the plugin will return detailed system information when the health check is called.

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsonc
```

# Node

The `nodeMedicusPlugin` is a plugin that adds a health check for the Node process, with optional system diagnostics. It provides detailed system information, such as CPU usage, memory stats, load averages, and uptime when the `debug` flag is enabled (which is set to `true` by default).

To integrate the `nodeMedicusPlugin` into your Medicus setup, simply import and register it with your Medicus instance:

```ts
import { Medicus } from 'medicus';
import { nodeMedicusPlugin } from 'medicus/node';

const medicus = new Medicus({
  plugins: [nodeMedicusPlugin()]
});
```

## Options 

The `nodeMedicusPlugin` accepts the following options: 

 -  **`checkerName`**: The name of the checker. Defaults to `node`.

>  -  **`debug`**: If the output should show detailed system information. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  **`debug`**: Controls if this plugin should show detailed system information on a debug health request. Defaults to `true`. Users might wanna disable this in case showing this kind of detailed information is not needed on debug requests.
```
